[explosion]
[rumbling]
c0000001
[FERN]
I see now.
c0000002
Your training is what
made this fissure.
c0000003
♪
c0000004
But if you don't intend
to fight the dragon,
c0000005
why do you continue to train?
c0000006
[STARK] When I first
got to this village,
c0000007
its people were living in fear.
c0000008
Hard not to
with a dragon nearby.
c0000009
Now they're all smiles.
c0000010
They're convinced
that as long as I'm around,
c0000011
their home remains safe
from another brutal attack.
c0000012
Even though
I haven't done a damn thing.
c0000013
The only reason the dragon
hasn't destroyed this place
c0000014
is because it hasn't
felt like it.
c0000015
♪
c0000016
What if it does feel like it?
c0000017
Will you fight it
if there's no other choice?
c0000018
[STARK]
I'm not keen on dying,
c0000019
but that's a minor thing.
c0000020
I have a title to uphold
and people to protect.
c0000021
I'm Stark,
the hero of this village.
c0000022
And it's my job to defend it.
c0000023
♪
c0000024
[scoffs]
Easy to say that now,
c0000025
but knowing myself,
I'll run away.
c0000026
This scar on my forehead?
c0000027
I didn't get it
taking on a monster.
c0000028
It's from a fight
I had with my master.
c0000029
[explosion]
c0000030
[thudding]
c0000031
[STARK] It was the first time
he ever hit me.
c0000032
He must've been disappointed.
c0000033
Had to have been.
c0000034
Throughout
our whole relationship,
c0000035
he never praised me
a single time.
c0000036
What now?
c0000037
[FERN]
We just met, but...
c0000038
I don't think you'll run.
c0000039
You don't know me at all.
c0000040
[FERN]
You're right about that.
c0000041
But I have been
in a similar situation.
c0000042
All right. Let's hear it.
c0000043
-[growling]
-[FERN] The first time
c0000044
that I fought a monster...
c0000045
I had trained more than enough,
c0000046
but I was frozen by fear.
c0000047
I couldn't muster the courage
to fight back.
c0000048
All I could do was run.
c0000049
[roaring]
c0000050
[FERN]
It kept on chasing me,
c0000051
and for some reason,
Mistress Frieren wouldn't help.
c0000052
[STARK] [chuckles]
My master was like that, too.
c0000053
[FERN] When it finally
had me cornered,
c0000054
I steeled my resolve,
c0000055
and instinct took over.
c0000056
♪
c0000057
[FERN] All that I needed
to do was ground myself.
c0000058
Your training
isn't going to fail you.
c0000059
Mine didn't fail me.
c0000060
You're a coward hiding
beneath a veneer of bravery,
c0000061
but your resolve
to protect the village?
c0000062
That, at least,
I believe is real.
c0000063
-[wind whooshing]
-[leaves rustling]
c0000064
[STARK]
My resolve?
c0000065
Huh.
c0000066
[door opens and closes]
c0000067
[FRIEREN]
How did it go?
c0000068
[FERN]
I don't know for sure.
c0000069
But if I had to guess...
c0000070
I think it'll turn out
all right.
c0000071
[birds chirping]
c0000072
-He ran, then.
-That's a shame.
c0000073
I had high hopes for the lad.
c0000074
[FRIEREN]
We're left with no choice.
c0000075
Prepare yourself
for dragon-sized tag.
c0000076
Huh?
c0000077
[grunts]
c0000078
-[STARK] Frieren.
-Hm?
c0000079
You only need
30 seconds, right?
c0000080
You took your time.
c0000081
I want you to promise me
one thing.
c0000082
If I die fighting this dragon,
c0000083
you have to finish it off
for me.
c0000084
All right.
c0000085
I promise.
c0000086
But why would you sacrifice
so much for the townsfolk?
c0000087
-[chuckles]
-What?
c0000088
Just...
c0000089
that's kind of an odd question.
c0000090
I've lived here
for three whole years now.
c0000091
-[FRIEREN] Not long.
-[STARK] Yes, long.
c0000092
[growling]
c0000093
[STARK]
Okay. Let's get to business.
c0000094
Your hands are shaking.
c0000095
I'm scared.
What do you expect?
c0000096
[chuckles]
c0000097
[STARK]
Is something funny to you?
c0000098
You're exactly like Eisen.
c0000099
-[fluttering]
-[STARK] I am?
c0000100
[HIMMEL]
This is a powerful foe.
c0000101
But your hands.
They're out of control.
c0000102
You afraid?
c0000103
[EISEN]
Yes.
c0000104
[FRIEREN] Didn't take much
to get that out of you.
c0000105
[EISEN] Being afraid
isn't a bad thing.
c0000106
Without fear,
c0000107
I wouldn't have
made it this far.
c0000108
♪
c0000109
Even the way
they tremble's the same.
c0000110
[STARK]
I get it now.
c0000111
♪
c0000112
[STARK]
My master?
c0000113
He was afraid, too.
c0000114
All I have to do
is steel my resolve.
c0000115
♪
c0000116
[FRIEREN] He's entered
the dragon's range.
c0000117
Why isn't it attacking him?
c0000118
[FRIEREN]
It knows better.
c0000119
I thought so.
c0000120
[inhales sharply]
c0000121
[growling]
c0000122
[roaring]
c0000123
-[explosion]
-[FRIEREN] No wonder
c0000124
it left the village alone.
c0000125
Dragons are smart creatures.
c0000126
They're not foolish enough
to pick a fight
c0000127
against a powerful opponent.
c0000128
Eisen didn't hit Stark
for being weak
c0000129
or because he was
disappointed in him.
c0000130
It's much simpler than that.
c0000131
♪
c0000132
[EISEN]
The two of us parted in anger.
c0000133
-[fire crackling]
-[FRIEREN] You hit him?
c0000134
[EISEN]
My body moved on its own.
c0000135
I feel terrible.
c0000136
I'm forever sorry
for what I did.
c0000137
[fire crackling]
c0000138
[EISEN]
I was afraid.
c0000139
I was afraid
of the boy, Frieren.
c0000140
I couldn't believe his power.
c0000141
My apprentice
c0000142
will become a great warrior.
c0000143
[thudding]
c0000144
[rumbling]
c0000145
♪
c0000146
[grunting]
c0000147
♪
c0000148
[grunts]
c0000149
[roaring]
c0000150
♪
c0000151
[explosions]
c0000152
Now! Let him have it!
c0000153
Hey! Shoot it already!
c0000154
I did exactly
what you told me to!
c0000155
You expect me
to kill it myself?
c0000156
You can't be serious, old hag!
c0000157
Yeah, you're just like
my master after all!
c0000158
It's already dead.
c0000159
Huh?
c0000160
"Old hag," huh?
c0000161
[FERN]
He'll live to regret that.
c0000162
♪
c0000163
[STARK]
I killed it...
c0000164
on my own?
c0000165
I didn't need any help.
c0000166
I beat the dragon.
c0000167
[FRIEREN]
Good work.
c0000168
You were exceptional.
c0000169
That was quite the show.
c0000170
Well done.
c0000171
♪ Now this horde
of treasure is mine! ♪
c0000172
-At last!
-[FERN] We can't take it
c0000173
all with us.
c0000174
[wind whooshing]
c0000175
[chuckles]
c0000176
-[Frieren grunts]
-[FERN] Three items only.
c0000177
-[Frieren grunts]
-Hm.
c0000178
-[clattering]
-[gasps]
c0000179
Does this not feel
silly to you?
c0000180
You're really interested
in this old junk?
c0000181
[FRIEREN]
This junk is treasure.
c0000182
[STARK]
My master always told me
c0000183
that you made
the heroes' adventure
c0000184
a ridiculous one.
c0000185
[FRIEREN]
Oh?
c0000186
In a good way.
c0000187
I guess your silliness
made things fun.
c0000188
[clanking]
c0000189
♪
c0000190
[HEITER]
Incredible!
c0000191
You actually made shaved ice!
c0000192
[FRIEREN] [chuckles] I told you
this spell was worth it.
c0000193
[HEITER] I would take on armies
c0000194
to experience such fluffiness!
c0000195
[FRIEREN]
Rightly so.
c0000196
[EISEN]
This is ridiculous.
c0000197
We're wasting our time.
c0000198
We have time to spare.
c0000199
Our journey has only
just begun, after all.
c0000200
[EISEN]
The Hero of the South
c0000201
was said to be
our strongest weapon.
c0000202
The Seven Sages of Destruction
slaughtered him.
c0000203
The four of us
c0000204
may well not
make it back alive.
c0000205
So, what then?
c0000206
Want your last journey
to be painful and hard?
c0000207
♪
c0000208
[HIMMEL]
That's no fun.
c0000209
If you ask me about it,
I would take
c0000210
the more lighthearted journey
any day.
c0000211
One I can laugh about
at the end.
c0000212
♪
c0000213
Just the warmth of a finger,
c0000214
and it melts
almost instantaneously!
c0000215
Please keep your fingers
away from our food.
c0000216
[EISEN]
Ridiculous.
c0000217
[HEITER] Oh, and what do
we do about the syrup?
c0000218
[FRIEREN] I don't have
a spell to produce that.
c0000219
[HIMMEL]
Really?
c0000220
[EISEN]
Even more ridiculous.
c0000221
♪
c0000222
[FRIEREN] Well?
Can you see through them?
c0000223
[FERN]
Yes, but...
c0000224
I can't say I find
this spell interesting.
c0000225
I'm so sorry my body
isn't interesting to you.
c0000226
[birds chirping]
c0000227
Hm?
c0000228
What?
c0000229
-So small.
-[STARK] No part of me's small!
c0000230
Well, Stark.
c0000231
Where will your journey
lead you next?
c0000232
I suppose you could make
your way back to Eisen now.
c0000233
Didn't my master tell you
to take me with you?
c0000234
Besides...
c0000235
I'd like to have
a ridiculous adventure
c0000236
or two of my own.
c0000237
[birds fluttering]
c0000238
♪
c0000239
[fire crackling]
c0000240
[MALE GUARD CAPTAIN 5A]
There is monster activity
c0000241
in the northern lands.
c0000242
At this time,
c0000243
no one can pass
through the checkpoint.
c0000244
Well, at what time can we?
c0000245
It has to open some day.
c0000246
Does it?
c0000247
It hasn't since
I was very first posted here.
c0000248
After all, no people out
means no monsters in.
c0000249
-[MALE GUARD 6A] Pardon me.
-[gasps]
c0000250
The castellan would like
to see you, sir.
c0000251
[MALE GUARD CAPTAIN 5A]
Be right there.
c0000252
Listen close, adventurers.
c0000253
You would be wise not to cause
any trouble in this town.
c0000254
[footsteps]
c0000255
[FERN] That wasn't
a very warm welcome.
c0000256
[FRIEREN]
He's a good guard.
c0000257
Wants to keep his people safe,
c0000258
and is appropriately harsh
on outsiders,
c0000259
as every proper town guard
ought to be in my opinion.
c0000260
-[indistinct chatter]
-Hmm...
c0000261
[FRIEREN] Speaking of safety,
c0000262
this city seems
to have it in spades.
c0000263
Which is a positive
of being stuck here.
c0000264
This is the perfect time
to slow down
c0000265
and study our craft.
c0000266
Once we drop off our things,
the magic shops are all mine.
c0000267
Come now.
c0000268
The checkpoint is locked tight.
c0000269
We have no other choice.
c0000270
Run along.
You're free to roam.
c0000271
I'll secure us a room
at the inn.
c0000272
Wanna get something to eat?
c0000273
[STARK]
Loud and clear.
c0000274
Scary.
c0000275
[indistinct chatter]
c0000276
[MALE VILLAGER 6A]
Rumor is they shut down
c0000277
the sea routes, too.
c0000278
[MALE VILLAGER 6B]
The northern lands' army says
c0000279
they'll take care
of the problem,
c0000280
but I give it two years
c0000281
until the checkpoint
opens up again.
c0000282
Business is at a standstill.
c0000283
[STARK]
I haven't had this in forever!
c0000284
The jumbo berry special.
c0000285
I was just a kid
when I came here last.
c0000286
I actually had to split it
with my master
c0000287
'cause I couldn't
finish it alone.
c0000288
But, uh, I feel like
this thing has shrunk.
c0000289
I would know.
c0000290
It's the same size as ever.
c0000291
You've simply grown up.
c0000292
I suppose...
c0000293
age does change our perception.
c0000294
Everything seemed huge
when I was a kid.
c0000295
I used to think
my master's back was so broad,
c0000296
but even that started
to look small.
c0000297
[MAN 5A] Eisen is getting up
there in years.
c0000298
I hope you're being
a dutiful student.
c0000299
♪
c0000300
Duty is what brought me here.
c0000301
You're sure
the portion's the same?
c0000302
[MAN 5A]
The passage of time is cruel.
c0000303
[footsteps approaching]
c0000304
Hm.
c0000305
[STARK] You've got no reason
to glare at me!
c0000306
I bought this
with my own money.
c0000307
[FERN]
Pardon me.
c0000308
One milk, please.
c0000309
[MAN 5A]
Sure thing.
c0000310
[STARK]
So...what?
c0000311
You're clearly mad.
c0000312
[FERN]
Mister Stark.
c0000313
[STARK] Fine, I guess
you can have half.
c0000314
This isn't about dessert.
c0000315
What if I told you we're going
be waiting for a long time?
c0000316
Two years, even.
c0000317
Huh? No, thanks.
c0000318
So you and I feel the same way
about it, then!
c0000319
[STARK]
Sure?
c0000320
What's her deal?
c0000321
[FERN]
That's a relief.
c0000322
You're relatively normal,
at least.
c0000323
[STARK]
I-I'm lost.
c0000324
Did-Did I do something
to offend you?
c0000325
[STARK] So, you wanna find
a way through the checkpoint.
c0000326
Sure. I'll see what I can do.
c0000327
Thanks. You won't regret it.
c0000328
[STARK]
What if you just flew us up
c0000329
and over the city wall?
c0000330
The wall's only one part
of the problem.
c0000331
There's a powerful barrier
all around the border
c0000332
that extends
to the maximum flying height.
c0000333
That makes sense.
c0000334
Explains how they keep
the winged monsters out.
c0000335
Let's ask around.
c0000336
Our first stop should be
the merchant's guild.
c0000337
They must be
trading somewhere.
c0000338
♪
c0000339
[water splashing]
c0000340
[FERN] Trade has been
completely shut down.
c0000341
If guarded caravans
aren't allowed through,
c0000342
things in the northern lands
must be quite serious.
c0000343
I'm afraid
we may need to give up
c0000344
until things settle down.
c0000345
Not yet.
c0000346
We should ask
around the black market
c0000347
and thieves guild first.
c0000348
Wouldn't that be
a bit dangerous
c0000349
even for us?
c0000350
Lucky for you,
c0000351
I look tough enough
not to be questioned.
c0000352
Plus, I bluff like a pro.
c0000353
You do have a thievish face.
c0000354
[STARK]
I heard that.
c0000355
♪
c0000356
[STARK]
What a waste.
c0000357
It's no big surprise.
c0000358
The town's stuck
on the defensive.
c0000359
If they don't open back up,
we're stuck, too.
c0000360
You know...
c0000361
we could always pay
the guard station
c0000362
a quick visit.
c0000363
-You good?
-Yes.
c0000364
I'm just a little surprised
by your cooperation is all.
c0000365
You said that
you didn't want to wait,
c0000366
so I'm doing all of us a favor.
c0000367
You're even more desperate
to leave than I am.
c0000368
Well...I don't have
a lot of time.
c0000369
That was awfully vague.
c0000370
[wind whooshing]
c0000371
[STARK]
This view. Nice, isn't it?
c0000372
You can really see
the north side.
c0000373
When I was little,
c0000374
my master brought me up here.
c0000375
♪
c0000376
-[chuckles]
-[EISEN] We departed
c0000377
for the northern lands
from this very city.
c0000378
Tell me all about it, Master!
c0000379
[laughs]
You want to know?
c0000380
See that trail?
Over yonder?
c0000381
[STARK] He hardly
ever spoke about himself,
c0000382
but he happily relayed
every detail
c0000383
of the heroes' adventure.
c0000384
He's been around
for a long time,
c0000385
and for whatever reason,
c0000386
those ten years mattered
more than all the rest.
c0000387
I'll bet the same
is true for Frieren.
c0000388
I wonder.
c0000389
[STARK]
He's old now
c0000390
and can't travel
like that anymore.
c0000391
He sent the two of you
to find me,
c0000392
so that I could fill his spot.
c0000393
-[flag fluttering]
-[STARK] Now it's my turn.
c0000394
I'll go on this adventure
c0000395
and return with stories
just like the ones he told me.
c0000396
If they happen
to be ridiculous,
c0000397
that's all the better.
c0000398
It's the least I can do
to repay my debt to him.
c0000399
If I take too long to get back,
my master will pass on.
c0000400
[chuckles]
c0000401
[FERN]
I see.
c0000402
Then we can't allow ourselves
to get tied up here.
c0000403
Nope. But I bet he's still got
plenty of years left.
c0000404
[indistinct chatter]
c0000405
[FERN] Mistress Frieren?
c0000406
Is there a reason you're
creeping around the city?
c0000407
Shh, quiet yourself.
c0000408
They're following me.
c0000409
Don't stop. She must be
lurking around here somewhere.
c0000410
Oh, great.
c0000411
How'd you rile 'em up?
c0000412
I've no clue.
c0000413
I was happily perusing
a magic shop, when suddenly...
c0000414
Huh?
c0000415
[MALE GUARD CAPTAIN 5A]
I'm so terribly sorry!
c0000416
Please, Miss Frieren.
Forgive my insolence!
c0000417
Okay.
c0000418
I have some concerns about
where this seems to be going.
c0000419
[MALE CASTELLAN 6A]
I understand
c0000420
the captain of the guard
was quite rude to you.
c0000421
As the castellan of this city,
I apologize.
c0000422
Oh, uh. It's no issue.
c0000423
He did his
guard-ly duties well,
c0000424
if you ask me.
c0000425
In any case, I'm not
in an enormous hurry, or...
c0000426
[MALE CASTELLAN 6A]
Am I right to assume
c0000427
that you do plan
to travel north again?
c0000428
According to our information,
c0000429
the northern lands
are in constant battle
c0000430
with the remnants
of the Demon King's forces.
c0000431
You must be concerned
about their situation.
c0000432
My goodness.
c0000433
A hero as kind
as she is mighty.
c0000434
The people of the north
will be thrilled
c0000435
to hear of your arrival.
c0000436
And as for our checkpoint,
pass through as you wish.
c0000437
-[gasps]
-[thudding]
c0000438
♪
c0000439
[crowd applauds]
c0000440
[indistinct chatter]
c0000441
I can't believe
that's really all it took.
c0000442
Shouldn't we have told them
who you were
c0000443
from the moment
they turned us away?
c0000444
I didn't think there was
any point in alerting them.
c0000445
And I wanted to take my time.
c0000446
What a commotion.
c0000447
This kind of thing
just isn't for me.
c0000448
Who could feel
comfortable like this?
c0000449
I'm happy I get to see
a proper send-off.
c0000450
[door creaking]
c0000451
This must've been how it was
c0000452
when my master
left for the north.
c0000453
♪
c0000454
[wind whooshing]
c0000455
♪
c0000456
[FRIEREN]
That's right.
c0000457
[snorts]
c0000458
If only I'd had
a little more time
c0000459
for my research.
c0000460
[FERN]
You need to move on.
c0000461
[STARK] You know we risked
life and limb
c0000462
trying to get out
of there, right?
c0000463
[FERN]
Indeed.
c0000464
-[DEMON CHILD 6A] It hurts.
-[GRANAT] He died in battle
c0000465
-against Aura ten years ago.
-The Liberation Festival
c0000466
-is tonight.
-[STARK] Why not speak to them?
c0000467
-[LUGNER] I'm curious about
that mage. -[FERN] What a pain
c0000468
-in the rear. -[EISEN]
It's like a fairy tale.